# Monday, May 09, 2022, at 21:30pm GMT+8

## Meeting

* Meeting link: https://us04web.zoom.us/j/71348144136?pwd=1_4Ze_mgIH3Z8_MYTbDhvu7s5AIQ1f.1
* Meeting time: Monday May 09, 2022 at 21:30pm GMT+8

## Attendees

* Zhipeng Huang, Clement Li, Gopi Krishnan Rajbahadur, Dora Hu, Zhonghua Zhu, Zicheng Qu, Liusong, Skyzc

## Agenda

* 1 . Demonstrate the progress of the LF-AI sandbox preparation.

## Notes

* 1 . Tell Zhipeng when all preparetion for the sandbox process is ready, then Zhipeng will hold another meeting to check.

## TODO

Gopi responsible:

* 1 . Review CONTRIBUTING.md, GOVERNANCE.md, DCO.md, CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, COMMITTERS.csv, SUPPORT.md, README.md, and give comments.
* 2 . Collaborate with Clement to submit a completed Project Contribution Proposal via a GitHub pull request to https://github.com/lfai/proposing-projects/tree/master/proposals
* 3 . Communicate with the Datapractices.org and OpenLineage to introduce the difference between OpenDataology and their projects, and explain that we are not competing, are extending, and ask for help if needed.

LiZi (Clement) responsible:

* 1 . Send the CONTRIBUTING.md, GOVERNANCE.md, DCO.md, CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md to Gopi to review.
* 2 . Collaborate with Gopi to submit a completed Project Contribution Proposal via a GitHub pull request to https://github.com/lfai/proposing-projects/tree/master/proposals
* 3 . Communicate with the OpenBytes to introduce the difference between OpenDataology and their project, and explain that we are not competing, are extending, and ask for help if needed.

Zicheng (Zev) responsible:

* 1 . Send the COMMITTERS.csv, SUPPORT.md, README.md to Gopi to review.
* 2 . Communicate with the OpenDS4All to introduce the difference between OpenDataology and their project, and explain that we are not competing, are extending, and ask for help if needed.